updates to gltf (#228)
decentraland/adr: content/ADR-215-gltfcomponent-sdk-component.md

## Handling visibility & colliders

> All meshes belong either to visible or invisible category. Names of invisible meshes should end in `_collider` (case insensitive). Those meshes MUST be invisible and the rest of the properties of the mesh like its position in an animation should be honored. This convention is permanent and is not affected by any flag or configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All meshes belong either to visible or invisible category. Names of invisible meshes should end in `_collider` (case insensitive). Those meshes MUST be invisible and the rest of the properties of the mesh (like its position in an animation) should be honored. This convention is permanent and is not affected by any flag or configuration.
```

> Nodes that are not meshes are also affected by this naming convention. If a node is not a mesh, but it has a direct child that is a mesh, then the mesh MUST be invisible. This behavior only affect to the direct  children meshes, not to the children of the children and the rest of the descendants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nodes that are not meshes are also affected by this naming convention. If a node is not a mesh, but it has a direct child that is a mesh, then the mesh MUST be invisible. This behavior only affects the direct children meshes, but not the children of the children and the rest of the descendants.
```

Author: Thanks @marianogoldman
